# LinkedLists

For this program, I created a class called LinkedList with a constructor and created an inner class node with it's own constructor as well. They both take in a variable of type E called data and a Node type next which points to the next node that contains data. I then created an add function that takes in a node of type e called item which will add an integer to the linked list. The add function checks if a head is null and then creates a new node with that item in the data portion. If the head is not null, it sets a previous node to the next and it increments the size of the linked list by one. I also have a get function that takes in an integer which is also the index in the linked list. It loops through the linked list and returns the actual value in that certain position or index. There is also a remove function which loops through the linked list and takes in an integer as a parameter which is the position or index then removes the value at that index. There is also a reverse function that takes each node and sets it to the previous and changes the order of the original linked list. I also created two toString functions that set nodes into string formats. I then create an integer linked list and I add the numbers 1-5 to it. I then create a variable that calls the get function to the number list. I then print the numbered linked list 1-5. I then add the number 6 and print it again. I remove position 5 which is the value 6 and add 6 at position 0 and it prints 6->1->2->3->4->5. I then remove the 6 on the beginning of the list and the 5 at the end of the list and it just prints the linked list 1-4. I then add back in the number 5 and then print the get function to find the position at 2 which is the value of 3. I then reverse the linked lists 5-1. 
